The End
I would like to thank you.
I would like to thank you for your attention.
I would like to thank you for your support.
I want you to gather together.
If you put more plants, do weowel spread?
How many plants, if we do one per kilo.
Three per kilo, can you do one per kilo?
How about Izuna's age?
Is it a life sentence?
It's not like the Banana eastern obligations here.
There's nothing, nothing.
I was kidding.
Tan MD, are you never going to your house?
No.
Are you not going to buy if Izuna's a section agent?
I don't mind.
Where?
waakasa?
How?
Then can we borrow waakasa from Izuna's father?
You can't go to work even if you're a reporter.
Can't you pay me if you're a young man?
Young men are not good at work.
You can't go to work even if you're a reporter.
Hey, Mr. Genzan, are you going to work?
I'd like you to make a 10-yen bill.
I don't have any money left.
I only have one 10-yen bill left.
I'm not sure if you're going to work.
When you're alone, you can make 10 yen.
I can't live alone.
I have to make a 10-yen bill.
I can't use it.
Everyone, wait for me.
I'll go home and make a 10-yen bill.
I'm not doing it.
Hey, you, you, you, you don't have any money left.
I didn't say anything.
I just said I didn't have any money left.
I'm not going to work even if you're a reporter.
Mr. Toku,
Kimura,
I don't think I can work.
I didn't say anything.
I just said I didn't have any money left.
I only have one 10-yen bill left.
I can make 10 yen.
I'm not going to work.
I only have one 10-yen bill left.
Everybody say they want to do the Athens.
They're just doing what they want.
But they just can't get it.
They're bad as a
band you know from Udo.
It's my idea to stay with that human being.
That animal isaged in the past.
I know he's here.
Let me go see that animal.
She was initiative enough...
Yes.
Yes, well...
This was a competition.
It wasn't like that.